#package: org.emacspeak.birds 1.0

# Northern Mocking Bird (unknown)

:mocking_1
boodler.filename: mocking-1.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:mocking_2
boodler.filename: mocking-2.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:mocking_3
boodler.filename: mocking-3.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:mocking_4
boodler.filename: mocking-4.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:mocking_5
boodler.filename: mocking-5.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:mocking_6
boodler.filename: mocking-6.aiff


 #Florida Mocking Bird (freesound.org)

:fl_mocking_1
boodler.filename: fl-mocking-1.aiff
boodler.use: sound


:fl_mocking_2
boodler.filename: fl-mocking-2.aiff
boodler.use: sound


:fl_mocking_3
boodler.filename: fl-mocking-3.aiff
boodler.use: sound


:fl_mocking_4
boodler.filename: fl-mocking-4.aiff
boodler.use: sound


:fl_mocking_5
boodler.filename: fl-mocking-5.aiff
boodler.use: sound


:fl_mocking_6
boodler.filename: fl-mocking-6.aiff
boodler.use: sound


# Song Birds extracted from
#http://archive.org/download/Sounds_of_Nature_Collection/26_Songbirds.mp3

:songbird_001
boodler.filename: song-bird-001.aiff
boodler.use: sound
:songbird_002
boodler.filename: song-bird-002.aiff
boodler.use: sound
:songbird_003
boodler.filename: song-bird-003.aiff
boodler.use: sound
:songbird_004
boodler.filename: song-bird-004.aiff
boodler.use: sound
:songbird_005
boodler.filename: song-bird-005.aiff
boodler.use: sound
:songbird_006
boodler.filename: song-bird-006.aiff
boodler.use: sound
:songbird_007
boodler.filename: song-bird-007.aiff
boodler.use: sound
:songbird_008
boodler.filename: song-bird-008.aiff
boodler.use: sound
:songbird_009
boodler.filename: song-bird-009.aiff
boodler.use: sound
:songbird_010
boodler.filename: song-bird-010.aiff
boodler.use: sound

# these next 3 sounds are from freesound.org 

:cuckoo_01
boodler.filename: indian-cuckoo-01.aiff
boodler.use: sound


:cuckoo_02
boodler.filename: indian-cuckoo-02.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:cuckoo_03
boodler.filename: indian-cuckoo-03.aiff
boodler.use: sound


:cuckoo_04
boodler.filename: indian-cuckoo-04.aiff
boodler.use: sound



:chirp_01
boodler.filename: chirp-01.aiff
boodler.use: sound


:chirp_02
boodler.filename: chirp-02.aiff
boodler.use: sound

# Carolina Wren 
:chirp_03
boodler.filename: chirp-03.aiff
boodler.use: sound

# Tropical Orchard from freesound.org 
:tropical_01
boodler.filename: tropical-01.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:tropical_02
boodler.filename: tropical-02.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:tropical_03
boodler.filename: tropical-03.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:tropical_04
boodler.filename: tropical-04.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:tropical_05
boodler.filename: tropical-05.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:tropical_06
boodler.filename: tropical-06.aiff
boodler.use: sound

:tropical_07
boodler.filename: tropical-07.aiff
boodler.use: sound

